rolls on the doorstep in they are
closing up five minutes now
well now behind it finally it goes in
Conan Doyle popped out he scores were
tied at one the possession was just too
long and far right and he cradle pops
his way back of the goal line Kevin rice
got the goal line the angle and the 2-1
lead 50 seconds here on the first Dylan
Donahue shoots you know what's going to
the back of it at Syracuse the 3-1 lead
on the lefty cradle behind 14 seconds to
go on the first goal line near Doyle
driving up front got through the defense
of Harris twisted it scored he just ran
through Harris's stick that sleeve he
could take advantage as he works on the
freshman Nick Kochanski backs his way
and faces up dodges pass nice pass Reese
to Donnie who scores it looked like he
was winding up to shoot and steady
flipped it off the Donnie noon for the
goal he's realized here how big of a
deal that is Ward cutting in from behind
Awards have a three goal lead that was
Marty's seven saves today didn't he well
there is oil spins from outside the low
rising shot finds the upper right corner
and he's got his entrance actually hit
the pipe on Leki flips to the crease
multiple this this time
Lucky's song from 20 yards away and
Derek a first half hat-trick for evanov
steps in on Harris flips it again behind
holding his boil for the goal line got a
step to the crease split defenders and
scores
Greg hunter Doyle's got four straight
down to the middle four balls what's
left rice on the extra man the feed from
stocks of the latest two and will be
Notre Dame balls worn well races back to
the cage Cavanaugh jittering around
finds near he shoots and scores
that's unsettled defined and Notre
Dame's back within one round out the
unit mass inside Donna you're twisting
turns and scores the feed from stocks
Donahue precision to the upper right the
lead is back to - that's rice Kevin
wants to feed wheeling his way around go
line near sideline skirts the crease
turns and scores
Kevin rice got himself free we went
around behind the net they are ladies
back to three Mullins fell but the quick
slide from Messina
past slap shot by Connery scores of the
Irish back with an wall in their Irish
will be man up Marlette willing toward
the middle trying to free the right hand
he shoots and he bounced it in a soft
one sneaks past Ward well and we are
tied at 10 yards will clear with numbers
here's McCartney charging straight to
the box the middle scots down to the
crease got to Donahue one more rice
steps the milled twisting shouting
scores they are its transition gives
them the lead back with 2:05 to go in
the last minute two and a half seconds
left Sean Young wings at the length of
the field and the orange are on the
board of the ACC a much-needed win today
in the dome here final score Syracuse 11
Notre Dame